Hello and welcome to this Knox training video on Getting started with Samsung Care+ for Business.
In this getting-started video, we’ll show you the basics of Samsung Care+ for Business.
You’ll learn how to access the Samsung Care+ for Business service,
how to enter and assign licenses, how to navigate the dashboard, and how to submit a service request.
Let's jump right in.
Before you can begin using Samsung Care+ for Business, you'll need to ensure the following:
First, you need to purchase a Samsung Care+ for Business license from an authorized license reseller.
To find an authorized license reseller, go to samsungknox.com, then under Contact Sales, click FIND A PARTNER.
On the next page, use the filters to select your location.
In the TYPE field, select Knox License Reseller, then expand the PRODUCTS filter and select Samsung Care+ for Business.
Next, you'll need a Samsung Knox account.
If you don't already have one, go to samsungknox.com and click GET STARTED to apply.
Finally, you'll need to purchase devices from an authorized device reseller and have them uploaded to your account.
To allow resellers to upload devices directly to your account, you'll need to provide them with your unique Knox Customer ID.
You can find this customer ID by logging into the Knox Admin Portal, then going to your account information.
If you're a Knox Suite customer using Samsung Care+ for Business for the first time,
you may need to enable the service in the Knox Admin Portal.
Check out our video on Getting started with Knox Admin Portal to learn how to enable additional services.
After the service is enabled, you'll see a link in the left navigation pane.
Click this link to view the Samsung Care+ for Business console menu.
Next, you'll need to register your device reseller so they can upload devices to your account.
To do this, obtain their Knox Reseller ID, then navigate to the Resellers page and click REGISTER RESELLER.
Enter the reseller ID, then click Look up.
Confirm the Reseller information, then click REGISTER to add this reseller to your console.
Any devices uploaded by this reseller will now appear in the UPLOADS tab on the Devices page.
Now that you have access to the console and there are devices uploaded to your account,
the next step is to enter the Samsung Care+ for Business license key that you purchased from your reseller.
To enter the license key,
Cilck licenses from the left menu, then go to ACTIONS and click Enter a license key.
Give your key a name, then enter your purchased license key number.
If the key is valid, you'll see the license details including the total seats available, and license expiration date.
You'll need to assign this license to your devices before the expiration date,
in order to activate your Samsung Care+ for Business coverage plan.
Click Add to enter the key.
On the Licenses page, you'll find the newly added license.
Click the License name to view the number of available seats,
as well as the license assignment end date,
and the license coverage type.
For example, this includes Accidental Damage from Handling or Extended Warranty.
The next step after entering your license key is assigning the license to your devices.
When assigning a license to devices,
you must assign it before the end of its license expiration date,
otherwise known as the Assignment end date.
Expiration dates may vary depending on your region
and the type of coverage you purchased.
In addition to the license Assignment end date,
you must also pay attention to the license’s Device eligible period.
This is the length of time in which you can assign the license to a device,
after turning on the device for the first time and accepting the
End User License Agreement, or EULA.
If you purchased Accidental Damage from Handling, or ADH coverage,
you’ll receive coverage if you either assign your license
before or during the Device eligible period,
and the assignment also happens sometime between the license Start date and Assignment end date.
If you purchased Extended Warranty, or EW coverage,
you'll receive coverage if you assign the license before or during the device's Basic Warranty Period,
and the assignment also happens sometime between the license Start date and Assignment end date.
The Basic warranty period varies by region and device type.
Please contact your Samsung Care+ for Business sales rep for more information about your devices
and their Extended Warranty coverage.
To ensure that you receive proper coverage,
we recommend always turning on the device and accepting the
End User License Agreement
before the Assignment end date,
regardless of coverage type.
Once you’re ready to assign a license to your devices,
select the license that you want to assign, then click Actions followed by Assign license.
You can also assign a license by clicking the License name, then clicking ASSIGN LICENSE from the side panel.
On the Assign license page, you'll find a list of available devices for you to assign the license to.
By default, all available devices are selected, provided that enough license seats are available.
Select the devices you want to assign the license to, then click ASSIGN.
On the Devices page, your newly assigned devices will show Active pending in the Status column.
After the license assignment completes, go back to the License page where you can see the total number of seats purchased,
remaining license seats available, and other important information to help you manage the license.
Click the link in the ASSIGNED column to view the devices assigned to that license.
After you've assigned your devices to a Samsung Care+ for Business license,
you can track your fleet's coverage on the Dashboard.
In the COVERAGE section, you can quickly see how many license seats you own,
what type of protection plans you've purchased, and how many claims you have open or in progress.
Devices in the Active stage indicate that they are covered by a Samsung Care+ for Business plan,
and Inactive means devices have their Samsung Care+ for Business license expired, cancelled, or failed.
In this last part of the video,
we'll briefly explain how to submit a service request in the Samsung Care+ for Business console.
This process differs for each country, but generally follows a similar path.
From the Samsung Care+ for Business console, click Service request in the left menu.
For most countries, a Service Guide tile explains the service request procedure for that specific country.
Follow the instructions in this tile, as it provides important information related to your country.
For some countries supporting integration with an insurer's system,
you can click the SUBMIT A SERVICE REQUEST button to log into the insurer's portal and make a claim.
If you don't see a button, you can find detailed information on how to submit a service request in the Service request tile,
or by viewing the Samsung Care+ for Business claim guide for your country.
We'll provide a link to the claim guides in the video description.
After you submit a ticket in the insurer's portal, you can head back to the Dashboard to view your claim statuses.
This completes the video on Getting started with Samsung Care+ for Business.
For additional help at any time,
please visit our Samsung Care+ for Business documentation at docs.samsungknox.com.
Thanks for watching!